Spouse Rooms Redesigned 

Installation:

Updated for game Version 1.2.33

Same as before, simply extract the file to Stardew Valley's game folder and let the folders merge and the mod overwrite the file in the 'Maps' folder. Or extract the file and cut and paste or drag and drop it into the proper location. 

The file structure should look like this: /Stardew Valley/Content/Maps

For game version 1.1 and newer:

With the 1.1 update, SpouseRoom Mod by Watagatapitusberry no longer works. Therefore, there is only one version of the mod and it replaces all of the vanilla rooms by default. 

Simply extract the file to Stardew Valley's game folder and let the folders merge and the mod overwrite the file in the 'Maps' folder. Or extract the file and cut and paste or drag and drop it into the proper location. 

The file structure should look like this: /Stardew Valley/Content/Maps

For game version 1.07 or older:

There are two versions to the mod. One that adds the six rooms without overwriting the vanilla rooms (Non Default) and one that does (Default). The .rar file contains both. Just choose the desired version and copy it to the Maps folder in the Content folder of the Stardew Valley folder. Make sure to backup the original file first.

The Default version does not need anything to get it to work. Upon loading the game or upon getting married, the new room will take effect and be immediately visible. As of Ver. 02, the rooms do not overwrite any of the unused rooms. If a player is using SpouseRoom Mod and wants to select Jas' room (Num 12), for example, they can still do so.

The Non Default version will immediately take effect too. However, unlike the Default version, the player will not be able to see the new rooms unless they use a mod like SpouseRoom Mod by Watagatapitusberry to change the room the game sees to 10 for Harvey OR 10 for Leah, 11 for Maru, 12 for Sam, 13 for Alex and 14 for Elliott in the mod’s generated config file. This means that the unused rooms that originally used those spots were overwritten by this one. Thus, a player can no longer select the appearance of Jas' room (Num 12) for example. SpouseRoom Mod requires SMAPI version 0.39 or greater to work.

Ver. 04 introduced Leah's room but in so doing, had to overwrite Harvey's room. Therefore, there are two choices for Non Default: The folder titled 'Harvey Maru Sam Alex Elliott' and and the one titled 'Leah Maru Sam Alex and Elliott'. Harvey and Leah share the same spot for room 10 so choose the desired Non Default file. All other rooms remain the same.

Conflicts:

This will conflict with any mod that replaces spouseRooms.xnb in the Maps folder.
